SDK docs (#69)
cloudquery/docs: docs/developers/sdk/table/multiplexer-and-deletefilter.md

# Multiplexer and DeleteFilter

`Multiplex` and `DeleteFilter` options are defined in the [schema.Table](https://github.com/cloudquery/cq-provider-sdk/blob/main/provider/schema/table.go) entry, per resource type. 

## Multiplexer

> A multiplexer get a client and returns a bunch of clients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A multiplexer receives a client and returns an array of clients to execute in parallel:
```
